Add option set new HTTP proxy as default (#3510)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_adding-an-http-proxy.adoc

. In the *URL* field, enter the URL for the HTTP proxy, including the port number.
. If your HTTP proxy requires authentication, enter a *Username* and *Password*.
. Optional: In the *Test URL* field, enter the HTTP proxy URL, then click *Test Connection* to ensure that you can connect to the HTTP proxy from {Project}.

> ifdef::katello,orcharhino,satellite[]
> . Optional: Select the *Default content HTTP proxy* option to set the new HTTP proxy as default for content synchronization.
> endif::[]

Author: ```suggestion
. Optional: Select the *Default content HTTP proxy* option to set the new HTTP proxy as default for content synchronization.
```
This condition is unnecessary because it's in _Managing content_, which is Katello only.

$ hammer http-proxy create \
--name _My_HTTP_Proxy_ \
--url _http-proxy.example.com:8080_

> --content_default_http_proxy <1>
> ----
> <1> Optional: Set the HTTP proxy as default for content synchronization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional: For setting HTTP proxy as default for content synchronization, add the `--content-default-http-proxy true` option.
```
